Bot Build Instructions (LLM)

Okay I want to create a new bot for the program called Camfrog. It's a chat program that will nest on the right half of the main monitor of whoever uses the bot. This bot will be able to shoot out commands (native to camfrog) to execute moderation as well as logging all the users that are in the room. I want to be able to capture all information from users in any given chatroom. The bot should work even if the person launching it has multiple monitors. Everything in this code should be able to function in that manner. We need a kill-switch that completely closes all parts of the bot and then there has to be a silentswitch as well to quiet the bot so it stops communicating with the users and just staying raw with moderation and information gathering. 

The bot should capture with DXCam the right half of the main monitor. On the top is the header of the program which includes the topic and changes if the topic changes which is only important in the case that we want the bot to make topics eventually by sending the (/topic "entering what they want in topic") camfrog command. Next down from left to right, top to bottom: The three lines which is our menu options for inside that chatroom. First tab is Room List which is not important. The second tab is usually the chatroom that is open at the time. To the far right is Camfrog Time and a couple icons that can be ignored.

Then down more we have Top Gifters which correlates sometimes to icons the users have near their name which is an oval with a symbol and a number before the users actual username which is in alphanumeric and could be special characters but never a picture. This section could be ignored for now. (Gift Section in Chatroom)

Then there is a small strip and it usually tells you what users have "viewed your webcam" which is the text it has. 

Under that is the chatroom feed where all the users type and where all the moderation as well as events of users leaving, when a person sets a topic. Anything that is in a grey line will be the chatroom system messages informing the users what is going on with the chatroom. All other lines are either users or bots: We want to pay attention to the moderations specifically so we can have the bot send the commands to the chat to prevent abuse this is a list of some the bot needs to know: 

/unpunish <username> — unpunish user
/unblockmic <username> — unblock microphone
/unban <username>  — unbans the user
/topic <username>  — sets the topic in the chatroom

WATCHLIST:
Syntax:
/watchlist <username>
Example:
/watchlist Ann
You see list of users who watched by Ann

I want the bot to record all the information coming from each of the Users to have a database of all the users and their attributes, speech patters, and biography as well as gender which is designated by a small picture of a head and shoulder figure. No matter what is in total with the head torso: Blue head and torso designates a male and pink is for females. 

These are located in the right side of the camfrog chatroom in the userlist. This has a search bar to search for users for dense rooms. Under that is "Users (#)" which lets you know TOTAL how many users are in the room (no math needed with any other number in this userlist section). The userlist has text stating: "YOU ARE VIEWING #" Which tells you which users you have open. The usernames can move around in this userlist depending if you are viewing them, not viewing them, and they are lurking with there camera disabled or off (Designated LURKERS which is the last part of the Userlist at the bottom. In the middle usually sits all the MEMBERS with the number besides it which is the number of members you aren't watching and also not in LURKERS. Also you can view a user even if they are in LURKERS although cam feed may not be available. The bot is to have account of all the users and what users leave and come back or enter for the first time that day even. I just want accurate time keeping on how long they stay as well as from what time to what time they stay before leaving the chatroom. 

Okay now under the chatroom feed and userlist is a small bar like section which contains from left to right a talk button that is green when available and no one is on the microphone broadcasting into the room. When it turns a lighter green and the "Talk" text which is literally the word "Talk" turns a bit darker VS when it's not pushed the letters in "Talk" on the button are white. Next to that on the immediate right almost part of the "Talk" button is another button with an arrow pointing down which when pressed it opens up a menu that lets you select (Push-to-talk) and (Hands Free). We will be using Push-to-talk so it's less actions on pressing it when we want the bot to broadcast audio or answer a users questions through it's mechanism. To the right of that is a microphone which turns darker green and animates sound waves about 1-4 waves that signify how loud you are (1 wave lower, 2 waves louder, and so forth). The next icon to the right of that is a speaker icon that lets you know the users sound is broadcasting when it turns darker green like the microphone icon which has the same logic with the waves. To the right of that is the name of the user which typically includes the icon of their gender, IF they have top gifting presence they'll possibly have an oval or symbol with a number inside of it which states the gifter level that user is on and then the actual username of the person speaking on the microphone at any moment. (Will be important when pointing the bot to the talk button to click and hold down while broadcasting audio before letting the click go and completing broadcasting the audio to the room as a bot). Under that is a text box that allows the bot to enter text and any commands needed when unblocking users. That all that is important.

We are going to DXCam the window and set up templates to specifiy regions with refreshing to grab information that may revolve/change/transform and this gives the bot it's seeing capabilites to react and conduct as we direct it to with the set templates.

We are going to build templates for the (1) chat feed, (2) bar with the microphone, talk button, and speaker's (user) information; and lastly the userlist on the right of the chat program to keep data of the Users present as stated before.

For this project I would like to know what is the best way to implement this and go about programming or deploying the bot. I believe multi terminal deploytation is the best being it will give me an extra command line I can type direct commands to the bot without the chatroom being able to see and the other terminal for the information the bot may be carrying. I think I would like commands most importantly used to display in the terminal also or moderation events. VB-Audio cable installed to make the process seamless. 


To detect sound and broadcast sound I already have VB-Cable program installed and already arranged to work. 

The bot should have pagination when it tries to enter more than 425 characters into the Text Entering area. It'll give the users choice to see the rest of the communication text the bot may want to send if prompted.

Multi-layered fail-safe mic grab ladder to be implemented: 1) Camfrog PTT Key (VK_F10), 2) CEF HWND WM_LBUTTONDOWN message post, 3) Chromium UIA button invoke, 4) Calibrated physical mouse hold (mouseDown). This will be the only thing we should use for CEF which is Camfrog's controller/information holder.


TRIGGERS:
The bot is to have triggers which are going to be (not case sensitive, but requires ! except for 1): 

1) (kaekae or Kaekae) - which will usually have a question after it. I want the bot to answer it and if not a question and just a statement. I would like the bot to reply to the user based on what the user wrote and maybe use the last 10 entries for this behavior to make the bot more realistic.

2) !chat - Turn on Chat Mode On (mingles and comments on room text and the users sending them)

3) !chatoff - Turn off Chat Mode

4) !shutup - Turns off all replies, broadcasts, and any other form of audio or text communication from the bot into the chatroom

5) !transcribe - Turn live room speech transcription ON (posts [MIC] <Speaker>: <Text> in real time via gemini-3.5-transcribe / Whisper).

6) !transcribed - Turn off live room speech transcriptions

7) !suppress -  Opts that user out of audio recording, transcription, and profile storage (If any user uses this command when initiated I want their data to be dumped in a separate folder that won't interfere with this code and so the user's data can't be recalled)

8) !unsuppress - Undos the suppress command and pulls the data that was dumped in a separate folder to add all the info back in so it can be recalled

9) !say "message" — Grabs the Camfrog Talk button by clicking on it and holding to audibly broadcast the "message" and then letting go of the click so someone else can get their turn on the microphone broadcasting.

10) !diss <username> (or !diss for the whole room) — Roasts the target user and deploys continuous 1-minute interval roasts (NEVER USE same DISS twice)

11) !who is <username> Generates a narrative biography of the user from their chat and microphone history 

12) !info on <username> Statistical profile: audio & text tone, top NOUN used, message count (how many times they entered text in chat), and total mic grabs in the past 24 hours.

13) !grabs [username] [duration] — Shows microphone grab counts and total speaking time in flexible increments from 5 minutes up to 72 hours:
Examples: !grabs, !grabs 5m, !grabs 30m, !grabs 1h, !grabs 24h, !grabs 72h, !grabs OMGitsMyPHONE 1h

14) (-) This in a single line of text will be the text needed to be read by the bot to prompt it to send the next page of information to send into the chatroom.

15) !idk <question> — Instant smart answer or witty contextual comeback.

16) Moderation History Queries (Chat or Spoken on Mic):
who kicked [username]
who blocked [username] / who unblocked [username]
who banned [username] / who unbanned [username]
who punished [username] / who unpunished [username]
(these should not fire off at all unless there is a valid username after the trigger words)

17) !happy - Gives the bot a happy tone in all that it does (only activates when !chat is on)

18) !sad - Gives the bot a sad tone in all that it does (only activates when !chat is on)

19) !mad - Gives the bot an angry tone (only activates when !chat is on)

20) !triggers - Gives a list of all these triggers and options



DEPENDENCIES AND INSTALLATION REQUIREMENTS:

8.1 Required Software Components
• Python 3.8 or higher (recommended: Python 3.10)
• Camfrog application (latest version)
• DXCam screen capture tool (version compatible with your system)
• Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable packages
• Windows SDK components
• Git (for version control and updates)

8.2 Python Dependencies
• opencv-python
• pyautogui
• pygetwindow
• pytesseract
• numpy
• pandas
• sqlite3 (built-in with Python)
• requests
• speechrecognition
• pyaudio
• pillow

8.3 Installation Script Requirements
• PowerShell or Command Prompt with administrative privileges
• Internet connection for package downloads
• Write permissions in installation directories

8.4 Automated Setup Process
The bot should include an automated setup script that:
1) Checks for Python 3.x installation
2) Verifies Camfrog is installed
3) Downloads and installs required Python packages
4) Installs DXCam if not present
5) Configures system paths
6) Sets up database structure

8.5 Installation Flow
If any component is missing, the bot should:
1) Display a list of required components
2) Prompt user to download/install missing components
3) Automatically install Python packages using pip
4) Download and extract necessary tools (DXCam, etc.)
5) Configure all paths and settings automatically

DEVELOPMENT TOOLS AND UTILITIES:

9.1 Screen Capture Tools
• DXCam for screen capture functionality
• OpenCV for image processing
• PyAutoGUI for window automation

9.2 Template and Layout Tools
• Python Imaging Library (PIL) or Pillow for image manipulation
• Tkinter for GUI layout visualization
• OpenCV with template matching for consistent positioning

9.3 Development Priorities
1) Primary focus: Screen capture and text recognition capabilities
2) Secondary focus: User data processing and moderation systems
3) Tertiary focus: Trigger response system and communication modules
